Adds an event for the Second Virtual Workshop on Multi-Project CI/CD (#2138)
betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io: Events/2024-12-virtual-workshop-on-multiproject-cicd.md

# Virtual Workshop on Multiproject CI/CD

- Abstract submission deadline: November 22, 2024
- Registration deadline: December 5, 2024
- Event Date: December 6, 2024
- Location: online
- Website: https://multiprojectdevops.github.io/workshops/virtual_workshop2/
- Organizers: Ryan M. Richard

#### Contributed by: [Ryan M. Richard](https://github.com/ryanmrichard)

#### Publication date: August 16, 2024

<!-- deck text start -->
This workshop continues efforts to build a community of practice for developing and maintaining CI/CD workflows for multiple projects.
<!-- deck text ends -->

Event Information | Details
:--- | :---
Event Name | [Virtual Workshop on Multiproject CI/CD](https://multiprojectdevops.github.io/workshops/virtual_workshop1/)
Abstract submission deadline | November 22, 2024
Registration deadline | December 5, 2024
Event Date | December 6, 2024
Website | https://multiprojectdevops.github.io/workshops/virtual_workshop2/

### Summary

The Multi-ProjectDevOps project was founded to establish best practices for
decreasing the time needed to deploy multiple high-quality scientific software

> packages, particularly when the packages share common requirements. Key to

Reviewer: @ryanmrichard I may be completely misunderstanding but when I saw *"multi-project", my mind went to *interdependency* of the packages...I mean like he kind of CI/CD which tests the packages working together instead of each in isolation? But, it sounds like this is really about defining a CI/CD workflow where maybe the same `workflow.yaml` file can be used and shared among a number of different packages with similar testing processes.

Author: @markcmiller86 In my experience it starts as just trying to share a file, but then it quickly gets harder. Package interdependency definitely plays a role. For example, I maintain a plugin framework and a series of plugins for that framework. Roughly speaking they all build the software the same way, test the software the same way, deploy the documentation the same way, etc. Each plugin depends on the framework and may also depend on other plugins in the ecosystem. While the plugins can be unit tested in isolation, integration/acceptance testing often requires other plugins. We handle the literal dependency management at the build system level (I'm hoping to move to a package manager rather than native CMake, but haven't had funding to hook that up), but you can also imagine having CI/CD tasks that make sure that the newest changes to a plugin doesn't break other plugins, and/or triggering a new deployment with all bleeding-edge dependencies.

workflow as a CI/CD workflow that can be reused for multiple projects. The
purpose of this workshop is to share best practices, lessons learned, and
solutions for multi-project CI/CD.

### Themes

- DevOps
- Multiproject CI/CD
- Sustainable software

### Logistics

The workshop will be held virtually on Webex on December 6, 2024 from
 1:00-3:00 CST.

### Registration

Registration is free. To sign up please fill out this
[Link to registration](https://forms.gle/i28cDdMVGUdFdDzx8)
and a meeting invite will be emailed to you.

### Contributing

During registration you will be asked if you would like to be considered for
a presentation. The organizers welcome contributions on topics including:

- Suggested best practices for multi-project CI/CD
- Your organization's current multi-project CI/CD solutions
- Success stories/lessons learned related to multi-project CI/CD.

Please note presentations will be recorded and made available as a
community resource.

If you are interested in contributing a presentation, simply provide an abstract
when registering. Depending on the number of abstracts received the organizers

> may need to down-select. Participants whose abstracts are selected for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may need to downselect. Participants whose abstracts are selected for
```

> presentations will be notified by November 25, 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
presentation will be notified by November 25, 2024.
```

### Agenda

The exact agenda for the workshop will depend on the number and quality of

> abstracts received. The organizers anticipate the following rough outline (will
> be updated as the workshop approaches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
abstracts received. The organizers anticipate the agenda rough draft below.
For the most up to date agenda information, please follow links to the event website.
```
